# Cisco Threat Grid - Introduction to the Threat Grid API

## Lab Objective

By the end of this lab, you will have a basic understanding of the Threat Intelligence capabilities available in the Cisco Threat Grid API and their usage via the browser, Postman and the scripting language of your choice.

Completion time: 45 minutes

## Prerequisites
-   Basic familiarity with Threat Grid
-   Basic understanding of REST principles
-   Basic understanding of Python or a similar scripting language of your choice.

## Learning Objective
After completing this module, you will be able to:
1.  Harvest threat intelligence data from the Threat Grid API
2.  Understand conceptually how to operationalize it in a standard SOC environment

## Key Message

> Retrieving Threat Intelligence from the Threat Grid API is both easy and beneficial.

## Introduction to Threat Intelligence (TI) and TI Use Cases
Everyone has heard a lot about Threat Intelligence, often from somebody trying to sell them some. Threat Intelligence is evidence-based information about a threat that can help protect against it in some way – whether that is to block it entirely, mitigate the risk, identify its perpetrator, or even just to detect it. In the context of cyber threat intelligence, it is usually things like lists of indicators of compromise, or known bad actors, etc.

Common use cases for TI include:

-   Prevention (eg block known bad guy)
-   Detection (eg wait, why is someone on the network talking to known bad guy)
-   Response (how about now we block known bad guy, and see what we need to clean up)
-   Identify adversary Tools, Techniques, and Procedures (TTP)
    -  Tools (what does bad guy use?)
    -  Techniques (how do they use it)
    -  Procedures (what does their higher level operation look like)
-   Attribution (who is this bad guy)


## Additional Reources

- Threat Grid Help Documentation

|Title/Link|Description|
|-|-|
|[Getting started with APIs](https://panacea.threatgrid.com/mask/#/doc/main/api-getting-started.html)|Basic information applicable to Threat Grid API usage in general.
|[Threat Grid Curated Feeds](https://panacea.threatgrid.com/mask/#/doc/main/feeds.html)|Information about the curated feeds API|
|[Threat Grid Main API](https://panacea.threatgrid.com/mask/#/doc/main/api.html)|The main API, including samples feeds and IoC feeds, as well as all other main API functions not covered elsewhere.
|[Bulk Sample Submission Guide](https://panacea.threatgrid.com/mask/#/doc/main/bulk_sample_submission.html)| Guidance on using the API to submit samples in bulk|
|[Submission Search API](https://panacea.threatgrid.com/mask/#/doc/main/search.html)|An API for advanced searching of submission records|
|[Account Management API](https://panacea.threatgrid.com/mask/#/doc/main/account-management-api.html)|Infomation about using the AMA to provision users and edit your organization and user accounts.|

- Future Labs
This series of labs about Threat Grid will continue to grow, including more content about API usage.

- Future Cisco Live Workshops and lectures
We will be presenting this and similar content live in DevNet sessions at global Cisco Live events. Stay tuned for event and schedule announcements.
<https://www.ciscolive.com/global/>

